classes.md, before:

---
title: Classes
layout: default
---

# Classes

## Class times and venue

Thursdays <time>18:00</time>-<time>19:00</time> and <time>19:15</time>-<time>20:15</time> at Morton Hall Community Centre in Macclesfield:

{% include address.html %}
{% include map.html %}

Please come 10 minutes early to your first session to allow time to complete the health questionnaire.

{% include registration_form.html %}

## What to wear & bring

Wear loose fitting comfortable clothing, and if possible socks with grips on them. Mats are provided but please feel free to bring your own mat. Bring a drink of water to keep you hydrated and a towel if you wish.

## Prices

All places must be booked in advance.

### Classes

Taster session

: First session £8.50 with no obligation. At Wild about Pilates we want people to come and see what it’s all about.

Block bookings

: The classes are £8.50 per session and run in blocks of 6 which are to be paid in full in advance.

Ad-hoc sessions

: Ad-hoc sessions are £10, and booking is essential. Please text me or email and I will get back to you to confirm your place.

### One-to-one sessions

60 minute initial assessment: £50

: This includes an assessment of your posture, spinal range of movement and muscle length and function. You will learn the Pilates key elements and how to engage your centre. I will teach you some of the main Pilates exercises, and you will be provided with 3 exercises which are tailored specifically to help you, which you can practice independently in your own time.

60 minute tailored session: £50

: You must have completed the initial assessment first.

Commit message:

Improve photos
* Add script to optimise and resize photos.
* Add CSS to control photo sizes via media queries.
* Add border, caption, and drop-shadow.

classes.md, after:

---
title: Classes
layout: default
---

# Classes

## Class times and venue

Thursdays <time>18:00</time>-<time>19:00</time> and <time>19:15</time>-<time>20:15</time> at Morton Hall Community Centre in Macclesfield:

{% include address.html %}
{% include map.html %}

Please come 10 minutes early to your first session to allow time to complete the health questionnaire.

{% include registration_form.html %}

Wild About Pilates is in the Main Hall: a spacious, well lit room, with a polished wooden floor.  There's plenty of room to exercise.

{% include image.html
    file="wild-about-pilates-morton-hall"
    alt="Photo of the main hall at Morton Hall Community Centre"
    caption="The Main Hall"
%}

## What to wear & bring

Wear loose fitting comfortable clothing, and if possible socks with grips on them. Mats are provided but please feel free to bring your own mat. Bring a drink of water to keep you hydrated and a towel if you wish.

## Prices

All places must be booked in advance.

### Classes

Taster session

: First session £8.50 with no obligation. At Wild about Pilates we want people to come and see what it’s all about.

Block bookings

: The classes are £8.50 per session and run in blocks of 6 which are to be paid in full in advance.

Ad-hoc sessions

: Ad-hoc sessions are £10, and booking is essential. Please text me or email and I will get back to you to confirm your place.

### One-to-one sessions

60 minute initial assessment: £50

: This includes an assessment of your posture, spinal range of movement and muscle length and function. You will learn the Pilates key elements and how to engage your centre. I will teach you some of the main Pilates exercises, and you will be provided with 3 exercises which are tailored specifically to help you, which you can practice independently in your own time.

60 minute tailored session: £50

: You must have completed the initial assessment first.
